Add a note about truncated message on indexed logs (#25008)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/troubleshooting/_index.md

## Truncated logs

Logs above 1MB are truncated. Fix the issue at the source by checking which `service` and `source` are impacted with the `datadog.estimated_usage.logs.truncated_count` and `datadog.estimated_usage.logs.truncated_bytes` metrics.

## Truncated log messages

> There is an additional truncation that applies only to indexed logs: messages truncate to 75 KiB for the message field and 25 KiB for non-message fields. Datadog stores the full text, and it remains visible in regular list queries in the Log Explorer. However, the truncated version is displayed when performing a grouped query, such as logs grouped by that truncated field or similar operations that display that specific field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is an additional truncation that applies only to indexed logs: messages truncate to 75 KiB for the message field and 25 KiB for non-message fields. Datadog stores the full text, and it remains visible in regular list queries in the Log Explorer. However, the truncated version is displayed when performing a grouped query, such as when grouping logs by that truncated field or performing similar operations that display that specific field.
```

> There is an additional truncation that applies only to indexed logs: messages truncate to 75 KiB for the message field and 25 KiB for non-message fields. Datadog stores the full text, and it remains visible in regular list queries in the Log Explorer. However, the truncated version is displayed when performing a grouped query, such as when grouping logs by that truncated field or performing similar operations that display that specific field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There is an additional truncation in fields that applies only to indexed logs: the value is truncated to 75 KiB for the message field and 25 KiB for non-message fields. Datadog stores the full text, and it remains visible in regular list queries in the Log Explorer. However, the truncated version is displayed when performing a grouped query, such as when grouping logs by that truncated field or performing similar operations that display that specific field.
```
